I've been doing a lot of videos back to back praying with y'all, but we have a lot of work to do and I feel we make a lot of headway together.
Many hands make light work.
So, you'll have to bear with me again.
All right, there's enough here.
Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to pray.
I feel in my spirit we have great victory and I've been praying into it all day long.
I am rejoicing, believing that the things that happen in Texas today are not going to happen anymore.
I know what I've seen, but I know what the word says concerning our protection and being in the right place at the right time.
Many of you may not know about the attack that happened today.
If you want to show them what happened today, I'll go over some of the things the Lord showed us last night in prayer.
A lot of that was about tunnels underground and the military of Iran taking what was in one area and putting it in another area, making sure that what they had was not going to be found by the American troops or by strikes, trying to hide it deeper in the earth.
Now, I thought that was interesting.
It was like a railroad under the earth, underneath the soil of Iran with huge caverns.
I could see train cars.
That's how big this was underground, like train cars that had military equipment and they were moving it from places that were more vulnerable to places that were more secure.
I could see them taking them closer to what would be the Strait of Hormuz.
It was taking it towards what would be Israel.
They were going deeper underground.
I could see these men.
They had lights.
It looked like smugglers.
As I was looking into that, we're going to pray into that tonight, even more so praying into an uncovering and bringing them to justice.
They were taking it towards Iraq.
These tunnels look like they were headed towards the Iraq area.
I saw them moving like that.
So they'd be going west.
We're going to pray that they won't be able to hide it.
There's no place to hide.
There's no place to bury any biological weapons or weapons of mass destruction.
As I was seeing these payloads on rockets, they didn't have enough to put it on all of them, but there were certain ones trying to figure out how to get past the Iron Dome, being strategic in their strikes so that they would send so many ahead.
Now, this is very strategic.
What I'm telling you, I saw by the spirit of God.
They would bombard it with a bunch of them at once.
The Iron Dome and these defense systems, the Patriot or whatever, would try to get the first ones, but the one that they would miss would be the one lagging behind and that was the one with the bad stuff on it.
So it was so busy with the first that the one behind had the bad thing.
It missed this one because it was so busy with the first ones.
So it shot in and it was able to hurt people more.
It was some kind of chemical, something.
I don't know.
Y'all, I only tell you what I see.
I don't know how to describe it.
A lot of times I'm doing the best I can with the vision I have because I don't understand all the military stuff.
But I'm going to tell you this was the same thing praying over Abraham Lincoln, praying over our servicemen and women in our military bases.
We see the bombardment of all the rockets.
Braden showed me they had 500 go off at one time.
It goes along with what the Lord was showing me.
Have they used those special weapons?
I don't believe they have yet.
I pray they haven't, but it looks like stars falling, just raining down like Christmas.
It's bad.
Have y'all seen that?
Can you show them that?
That is pretty substantial.
I can't even imagine living there and watching TV or whatever in your living room and that going on outside and thinking it's time to get out of here.
But we pray for peace.
We pray for them to lay down their weapons and go on.
You know, they're saying we have so much more.
If you kill one, we'll just raise up another one right there the next day to take the position.
We don't care what you do.
We're not giving up.
We'll keep bringing in new military.
If you eliminate that leader, we'll bring in another one the next day.
We're not going to give up what we believe and all this stuff.
It's really interesting.
How far will this go?
How far will this escalate?
I'm waiting for what I keep seeing concerning North Korea and Russia.
Will they get involved with this or will cool heads prevail?
I keep praying into what I keep seeing praying over Taiwan as the main target.
Praying over that island for the Taiwan people, the Taiwanese.
Praying over their allies with South Korea, Japan, Australia, praying for them to stand strong that they would have this glory dome around them that I keep seeing by the hand of God protecting these people.
That China will have a coup in their camp with their military and with Xi, that there'll be a coup, some kind of overthrowing, that there'll be so much confusion that they'll turn on themselves.
Kim Jong-un is another one that I truly believe we pray against any kind of retaliation from him.
I saw paranoia trying to come on his mind as he was worried because he sees how President Trump has got Venezuela, now he's next.
I truly believe it's Cuba that's next.
I believe Cuba will be next after all this.
How fast will this end?
We're going to pray tonight for divine protection again over our troops, over our men and women of service that are protecting our homeland.
God bless these people that are risking their lives for us.
Some people agree with this, some people don't.
It seems to be split all over social media.
I see everybody.
You got people that are far left and far right that are mad.
You got left people that are happy and far right people that are happy.
This is really interesting because it's like a huge mixing pot.
Watching other nations, where is everybody with all this?
Russia seems to be pretty upset about it.
I don't know, as I keep praying into it, like I said, we don't pray the news.
If you're praying the news, you're missing it.
You must come up higher in your prayer life.
An eagle doesn't fly with the crows.
It flies up high.
I'm going to be an eagle.
I'm not a crow or a chicken.
Chicken tastes good, but it ain't somebody I want to hang around.
You got to come up higher in what I'm trying to tell y'all in your prayer life.
It's not time to pray the news.
We must see beyond the news.
It's already too late.
Russia President Putin says the assassination of Iran's Supreme Leader is a brutal murder that violates ethics and international law.
Wow.
That's a pretty bold statement for somebody who kills 20,000 people a month in Ukraine.
I mean, wow.
Calling the kettle black, huh?
I mean, that guy has no room to talk.
He's murdered more people in the last two years than anyone; he's like a Hitler.
But with Ukraine and all that sadness that's going on over there, the bloodshed that's happening, it's terrible.
So we're going to pray over Hawaii.
Now, I thought this was interesting, and I'm not going to sit here and talk a long time because I don't want to keep y'all a long time tonight.
I appreciate y'all being here so many nights in a row, and you've prayed with me.
We added up over six hours of prayer time in the last couple of days of video, and a lot of you have watched all of it, praying with me, and so I want to honor your time.
But okay, so the blood moon tomorrow night.
Is it tomorrow night?
Yeah, the third.
So it would be Monday night going into Tuesday.
It's not Tuesday night going into Wednesday because that's not the third.
So it's actually going to be tomorrow night, the blood moon.
Yeah, today's the first or second...
third.
Yeah, let's see.
So whatever it is, I believe it's probably Tuesday.
It might be Tuesday night.
That night going into...
well, it can't be Tuesday night going into that.
It's Monday night going into Tuesday.
Has to be because it turns the next day; it's in the morning.
So tomorrow night, the total lunar eclipse of the blood moon will be visible Tuesday night.
Tomorrow night—well, today's Sunday.
So whatever, it's over Hawaii.
The main totality is from the West Coast, where it's visible, the big part like I'm talking about where it's a full blood red moon.
You know, there are phases, and the East Coast is not very much, Central a little bit more, West Coast full blood moon, Hawaii full blood moon big time, South Korea, Taiwan full blood moon big time.
Now Israel, nothing at all.
Africa, nothing at all.
Europe, nothing at all.
So this is interesting.
The war and all this is happening, this blood moon and the representation, which I believe blood moons—from what we understand from Jonathan Cahn and some of these others who have told us—represent war.
So where is it going to be seen?
It's not even seen over Iran in that area.
It's seen over Asia.
It's seen over Hawaii.
And I had great caution concerning Hawaii.
Praying over Hawaii.
Praying over Asia.
Praying over Australia.
Why?
Because of what we saw two videos ago.
The Lord said, "Watch and pray," because I saw Australia getting involved, South Korea, Japan, Taiwan, China, and North Korea.
All this conflict starting over there in that area.
So, it was separate conflicts from the one that's going on right now with the United States of America, but we were preoccupied.
And in being preoccupied with what's going on with Iran, I saw China raise up to try to take Taiwan.
So where's the blood moon?
And that's why I went "whoa," because it's over that area.
Is that coincidence or is it symbolic?
So as we pray tonight, I really truly believe to cover Taiwan even more in prayer, covering South Korea in prayer because China is going now that America is preoccupied.
You know, here they're upset because of what happened with Venezuela and their oil.
Okay, that's where they got a major portion of their oil: Venezuela and Iran.
And from what I understand, those are their two major sources they bought oil from for a good price.
I think it was $25 a barrel or whatever it was.
So they were getting it for a really good deal from what I was understanding.
Braden was showing it to me: $25 a barrel.
Now, both sources are under attack.
So China, Venezuela, and this are all...
and so now what happens with all that?
Does China sit by idly and allow Taiwan to be something that they've wanted to obtain for decades now?
And we see what's going on, and this is what I saw.
And that's why I pray for a coup in their camp, that there will be confusion for our brothers and sisters in Taiwan.
That they will not become communist.
They will not interfere with South Korea.
They will not interfere with Japan and these other nations.
That there will be confusion in their own camp, that they would turn on themselves as they try to come against the people.
They turn on themselves just like they did in the Bible.
I believe it was when...
remember in VeggieTales when Gideon and the army were in the...
we've listened to it so many times from Megan because Megan, my little Megan, you know she's overcoming, she watches VeggieTales all the time on her iPad.
And so she sits in the back and I hear...
and so they all turned on themselves with the slushies.
You know, don't you know what happened?
I watched Bob and Larry.
They're in the back telling me what's going on.
You know, I love the cartoon.
Megan does too.
If you have kids, you know what I'm talking about.
If you let your kids watch VeggieTales: The Sword of the Lord and Gideon.
All right.
Well, let's pray.
You all want to take communion with me?
I tried to make that short—13 minutes.
Not too bad, huh?
Was there anything you wanted to show?
Oh, yeah, Braden had some clips.
Yeah, don't worry.
No, you're good.
I don't...
You've worked hard.
I'm just...
Yeah.
So I was saying, you had the guy...
where is it at?
The guy wearing...
this is the man that opened fire in Austin, Texas today.
And I don't know how many people were injured.
Any casualties?
Yes.
How many casualties?
I think it might have been 50.
I don't know.
50?
Yeah.
I mean, I don't...
let me see.
Didn't you tell me that, or you said?
I don't know.
But buddy, I don't know.
Yeah.
Your mama sends that stuff from people.
I appreciate you all sending stuff to Diana.
You give us breaking news a lot, so it helps out.
So Diana sends it to Braden.
They're saying three dead, 14 injured.
Three.
Okay.
Three dead, 14 injured.
Too many.
Yeah, too many.
And so we come against this now.
Braden said Alex Jones is talking about how he believes there's going to be an attack on our soil.
Now, this is what we've seen: a Red Dawn experience from the cells, the secret cells of people in America that the FBI and our Homeland Security don't even know about, that got over because of Sleepy Joe.
Now, we believe with all our heart that the power of prayer changes things.
And I know that we can change...
they'll be found.
You know, when you have a reprobate mind and you're working and functioning with the devil, you're not thinking with a full deck.
The elevator is not going to the top.
And so you automatically make mistakes because you're operating in a carnal mind.
So I am believing for great mistakes in their plots and plans against Americans, foreign and...
you know, all over the place, but especially over the mall in Hawaii.
The three men I saw in Hawaii, in that mall area where the man where you put the flowers on his neck and he has the surfboard across the street.
There's a mall there.
There's Gucci, there's a Louis Vuitton.
It's a real nice mall.
I saw in that circle a mass shooting taking place in there back at Christmas.
Now, I see in part, hear in part, and I know by the Spirit of God when He tells me that this is a plot and a plan for a mass event taking place in Hawaii.
And why was it in Hawaii?
Because they wanted to show that they have infiltrated every area of our nation.
So we pray over Hawaii.
We pray over that area.
They were using their automobile—it was a van—to use it as a weapon against the people.
And then I saw the same thing on the Vegas strip by the Trump building, his hotel, his casino hotel.
Same with the attempted attack on Chicago, New York, and these other areas, right?
So, we know by the spirit of God what they're planning before they even do it.
So, we're going to pray against it and ask God to show us more.
If the Lord wants to show us more, we're going to pray that we get every single thing and that we will uncover and expose the darkness before they have any avenue to get it done.
Now, this man was not from—that happened last night or today.
That man was not from Iran.
He was from Africa from what I understand.
Right?
Am I saying that right?
Yeah.
Lone wolf sympathizers—this is what I talk about: lone wolf sympathizers.
This is not the main show.
Now, will they be patient and try to bring out their stupidity later on in the 250 years?
I do not know.
All I know is the Lord said this is a high time going up until July 4th, praying over this whole time frame between now, March 1st, going into July 5th, praying over our nation.
Go ahead.
They're saying Eritrean.
He was from East Africa.
So, the Lord said many, many small 9/11s throughout the nation.
And that's what we've been praying about.
How long have we been praying over that?
Over a year.
Since last January when I saw the 50-gallon drums and the barrels and all the things the Lord warned us about.
We prayed over the inauguration and he moved it indoors, and I believe by the hand of the Lord, President Trump is still here and he is going strong and doing exactly—it's the hand of the Lord, it's the grace of God over all our people, but especially over his family, over the vice president, over people in his cabinet, praying for divine protection that the hand of the Lord would be with our people.
I truly believe what happened over the last 48 hours is God liberating the people of Iran.
What will they do with what they've been given?
He said, 'If you remember what the Lord said, I will give the people of Iran a window of opportunity for a major revival.
' A window, he said, does not last very long; it is not very big.
A door is huge; a window is small.
What will the underground church in Iran do with this opportunity?
And then he said, 'I will do the exact same thing for North Korea.
' Now, when it comes to Cuba and Mexico, I didn't see it as a window; I saw it as a whole lifestyle change forever.
I saw a major door.
I saw green going around Cuba in the days ahead with a spring of growth coming up out of the middle, if you remember.
And then I saw an extension cord coming out of Cuba underground, going to Russia for some kind of business deal.
Something is happening.
I saw Cuba become powered with electricity that looked like some kind of internet and wealth growth.
But a spring of growth came forth out of the land of Cuba in the days ahead.
And the Lord said, 'It's just the blade.
First the blade, then the ear, then the full corn.
' I saw a beginning of a revival, but it wasn't something that ended; it was a new way of life for the Cuban people.
And I believe with all my heart Marco Rubio will have a big hand in this.
For Saul has his thousands and David has his ten thousands.
And I saw great accomplishments by the hand of Marco Rubio in the days ahead with great favor concerning the Cuban people, the Venezuelans, and the Mexican people.
I saw a new leader coming to Mexico.
And I saw cartel leaders being taken out—big cartel people being taken out in the days ahead by our military.
And it was three of them for sure that are coming really quick on top of the one that just got taken out.
And then I saw them trying to retaliate, and the Lord even said pray over spring breakers—kids that go to Cozumel, Costa Maya, and Cancun—praying over young women specifically that would go down there for the party scene for spring break, which would be starting this month.
March spring break starts in the next two weeks.
He said specifically, 'Pray.
' And if I had a kid, do not go to Mexico for spring break.
That is dumb.
In my opinion, some of you say, 'Well, Brandon, I think it'd be fun.
' Well, then go.
But I would go to Florida, personally.
I don't dabble in your business; you do what you want to do.
You're led by the spirit of God yourself.
It's not my job.
I can tell you what I think and you can say, 'Well, Brandon, I think you're wrong.
' Well, that's fine; you're entitled to that.
But I say the Lord said pray over the kids, college students specifically, young women going to Mexico concerning kidnappings and things.
Okay.
So, we're going to pray over that.
We're going to pray over the trafficking.
There are so many little things, but let's just follow the voice of the Holy Spirit and see what he wants.
I could go on about everything that I think, but I want to be effective.
It's like hitting a bullseye on a dartboard.
You throw the darts and you can hit the red, or you can hit all over because 'all over' is what you think.
But when you go by the leading of the Holy Spirit, you're going to hit that bullseye every single time, especially when you're praying in the spirit.
And I believe that.
So, that's what we're going to do.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer tonight.
Lord, we thank you for every single person who's represented here.
We plead the blood of Jesus over this nation.
We thank you, Lord, for President Trump, for Vice President JD Vance.
Father, I thank you right now in the name of Jesus over Marco Rubio and every single person who's represented in the cabinet, from Pam Bondi to all of them.
I apply the blood of Jesus over Homeland Security, over our FBI, over our intelligence, our sheriff's departments, and our local law enforcement.
We cover them in the blood of Jesus.
I thank you, Father, right now.
We take communion.
We thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
I jumped right into it and just skipped communion; I'm reason.
I felt ready to jump in the river.
Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we thank you, Lord, that we're healed and whole.
Amen.
Lord, we take and honor the blood.
We make much of the blood and we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
I apply the blood over anything you want to show me, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood of Jesus over my spiritual eyes.
And I thank you, Lord, over my natural eyes, over my flesh.
And I tell you, Satan, you're under our feet and we will not be snared by any familiar spirits.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We cover this time of prayer in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
And we plead the blood over us tonight in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, for we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
Amen.
Right now, we are covered in the blood.
We're ready.
I anoint myself with oil.
Father, I plead the blood over my eyes.
I thank you, Lord, for my spiritual life.
I cover it in Jesus' name.
And I put angels all around this house right now in Jesus' name, all around us warring on my behalf, warring on my wife's behalf, warring on Braden, Paisley, and Megan.
Thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus.
Now, let's just go right back into it.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
Oh, Father, we plead the blood over our law enforcement, over our Secret Service that protect President Trump.
Any tips that they would know—the fake ones from the real ones—that they would not be distracted by false alarms, but know the ones that are real.
They'll have great discernment in knowing how to protect the Commander-in-Chief of this nation, President Trump.
We lift him up before you, that he is strengthened in his blood and his bones.
Father, the weight of this pressure of what he's going through right now, let it be easy and light.
Let him be able to stand at his age; Father, let his youth be renewed like the eagles.
Father, you give him sweet sleep when he sleeps, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We bind you off of his life in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over President Trump in the name of Jesus, that he is covered, and that there are angels of the Lord surrounding and about him right now.
A thousand should fall at his side and ten thousand at his right hand.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that his mind is fixed on you, on the Word.
Father, that he would even crack open the Bible and read it on a day-to-day basis; Father, that he would renew his mind.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly today.
We thank you, Lord, that whoever is advising him on any kind of war decisions or any of the decisions concerning our nation, I thank you, Lord, that you're putting men and women of integrity who are being led by the Spirit of God all around him.
I thank you, Lord, for Marco Rubio, that you keep him safe, Father; that he will slay his tens of thousands, and the one that slays the thousands, Father, after the term is over, would just ride off into the sunset.
Thank you, Father.
Yep, that's right.
That is so right.
I see it so clear.
That's right.
He would just ride off into the sunset on a donkey.
He's closest to him, the donkey.
He's going to ride off into the West on a donkey.
Thank you, Lord.
That is so clear.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that Rubio would be raised up for such a time as this.
You protect him.
Thank you, Lord, for Pam Bondi.
You protect her.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there will be people that have integrity around, and Father, that the Homeland Security, the DEA, all of our FBI, the NSA, all of the people who keep us safe, Father, have the tips and the people that are in the neighborhoods around these terrorists.
Every plot, every plan—let you have the Sister Clipboards of the neighborhood, the neighborhood police watchdog, go over there and say, 'I see somebody over there,' and report it.
I thank you, Lord, that you keep Sister Clipboards all vigilant in the neighborhoods.
I'm not trying to be funny; I'm trying to be real.
Keep them alert.
Keep these people alert in these neighborhoods.
And if they see something off, Father, they report it and be quick about it.
Let them see something so that when they see an apartment complex or something wrong, Father, they would hear it and see it, and they say, 'There, these people...
there's just something bad.
' Let them be led by the Spirit of God, even if they don't know it.
Every plot, every plan of every wicked person would be uncovered in the name of Jesus concerning this nation.
Subway attacks next to the East River, trying to flood the river into the subway system—we come against you in the name of Jesus.
Explosive devices in subways, in our mass transit—we call you uncovered in the name of Jesus by the East River, by the Hudson.
We call every plot, every plan exposed in Jesus' name.
In our buildings, in our skyscrapers in Chicago, Boston, Washington, Miami, Atlanta, Houston—over every area of every major influencing city, every plant, every plot—we call you brought to naught in Jesus' name.
Even over Hawaii, around our malls where people get together and go shop and do things.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
We hear the sound of an abundance of rain as you're turning this around in Jesus' name.
We believe, Father.
We believe.
I see it turning around.
We're going to see this.
And Father, our people on our ships in the Mediterranean, in the straits—I call them protected from any drone attack, any kind of missile bombardment.
I say in the receptors of the Patriot missile systems and the Iron Dome, we call them to be supernaturally run by angelic hosts, that every missile would not land on any house, that it would fall in an open area and not hit any civilians.
We call all civilians protected in the name of Jesus.
And our military bases—we call our military bases protected in the name of Jesus from any kind of biological attack, any kind of supersonic missiles or anything that's been sent from China; we call it down in Jesus' name.
That every leader that rises up that has the same kind of spirit as the Ayatollah is removed in Jesus' name.
That they would raise up a leader.
Wow.
I see it clearly there.
I'm in the future.
Do I say that out loud?
Oh, Father, I praise you for all the things you show me.
You know the man with the gray hair?
I'm going to just say it.
Pray for that prince to be protected.
They're going to hurt him.
He's standing making a talk and they take him out when he's making a speech.
He's behind a platform, and he's going to have a suit on.
He's making a speech and they take that man out.
Not our people, their people.
Corrupt men will hurt this man.
I see this man being assassinated.
Very clear vision.
He's going to be talking and I see it: the actual projectile comes from—he's standing facing west—it comes from the northwest.
The projectile will come from the northwest and it will shoot him and it will take him out right on the side.
It goes through his body this way.
I see it so clear.
That man right there, I don't know if he'll be in power, but I see him being in power and his reign lasts for a small window.
He'll be some kind of leader after all this is over.
He'll lead, and then his reign will be short-lived.
This is why the window will not last a long time.
Lord, I always say what you say.
I hear it so clear.
I see him standing.
He'll make a speech and it goes right through his side right here.
It goes through him.
It's very clear.
I see that man on a stage.
He's talking to a crowd.
Oh Father, we thank you, Lord, for all that you show us, all the things that you give us.
We stand in awe of you, Father.
He said, 'Don't camp here.
Keep moving.
I have more to show.
' This is in in Turkey.
Watch Turkey.
It's highlighted big before me.
Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord.
They're devising a plan right now.
He is devising a plan right now.
He's evil.
Turkey...
he's going to be making moves soon.
He's making moves.
He's upset.
He's talking to somebody.
It's Russia.
It's Putin.
I see Putin and the man over Turkey talking.
Oh, he's trying to find a strategic partner.
Does Turkey have...
Don't look it up.
They have big things.
How do they say?
Already?
He'll beat his war drums just like I warned you before.
He'll beat the war drums.
It's about their water.
It's about controlling that sea.
It's the water up here.
That's not the Mediterranean, is it, son?
Is that the Black Sea?
Yeah, right here.
It's on this side.
I see him trying to take his stuff and control this water.
It's the water above it.
It's right here.
I see war drums in this water right here, all concerning this.
I see now he has an outfit on like a vampire.
He's looking toward the west and the Black Sea.
He's studying.
It's the entrance point for the sea.
I see this looking like a stone with a face in it that looks almost like a dragon's face coming up out of the stone concerning this man.
He has a black cape on with a black collar and he's standing there.
It has a crest that keeps the cape on, a crest that goes on with a white shirt.
It looked like the Count, like what you would always see, like the Count, like a collar that goes up.
Let me see.
It's concerning this opening right here.
There's a part right here where the boats come in and go.
There's some kind of place there and I see him trying to control this as a passage.
Do you understand?
He's going to try to like, almost like the Panama.
He's going to flex.
It's about war.
I see him beating his drums and he's going to become a tyrant in the days ahead.
Concerning the ships and boats, Russia and him become friends more and they beat their drums.
They're mad at what's going on with Iran and they want to come against America in a greater way.
He's looking right now for strategic allies.
I see that whirlwind turning.
It's that Apollyon Lord; he's looking toward the west, that area, and he's looking at how...
it's war.
I hear the drums beating and then the Lord says, 'Keep looking, don't stop.
' I try to describe it to you in such detail.
The Lord said, 'Don't camp there, keep moving.
' The Lord speaks to me; He has more for you to see.
This will be the beginning of a greater war in Ukraine, and I see it to take out Zelensky.
I hear 'no more cat and mouse play,' bringing out the heavy artillery today.
No more cat and mouse play—it's to bring out the heavy artillery, big weaponry.
Remember what I told you about Warsaw?
Remember what I told you about weapons that you've never seen before?
Unconventional weapons of war stronger than what you've ever seen before.
No more cat and mouse play.
But they will control this for the boats to come in and out—the ships—concerning to block the flow to take over Ukraine, to take over this stuff, to dictate this part of the world.
Now I see France, Italy, and Germany.
I told you, 'WWIII.
' Big letters across Europe.
This, and Kim coming alongside with his troops to help Putin.
An influx of farmers—men that are not war battalions, like tens of thousands coming on trains in a greater way.
We're done playing the cat and mouse game.
We're taking the land with unconventional weapons of war—that is what we have in store.
I see Taiwan and China.
It's something about controlling the water.
Now, Braden, do they have their own canal?
Do the boats come up through Turkey?
Everything I'm seeing, son, I see the boats coming up through there.
They're trying...
Turkey is trying to control this area.
Fear not, man.
What I'm seeing, Lord, is so detailed.
I say what You say, Lord.
I worship You, Father.
The storm...
you hear that?
It confirms.
He says there's a storm.
I just have to give Him praise when He backs what He's saying.
He tells me when even the heavens outside say what I say.
He backs His word.
He says, 'Rain, a storm.
' I could see a vortex.
Oh, church, wake up!
Europe will be awakened.
Europe will be shaken.
I see great war.
It will be about your supply chains, getting shipments.
I've warned you about certain things.
This is about medical supplies.
As they try to take Taiwan, you see the medical supplies and supply chains trying to bring down the walls of trade concerning Canada and the United States, to bring them one.
I see the Scorpion King.
I see a shaking in the Royal Family.
I warned you again; I will shake the Royal Family.
This is why I warned you about George, the young man.
You said William and Kate.
This is why we pray over her stomach and her uterus.
I see that.
And I see the King going, another rising coming up.
And I see that young man becoming a tyrant in the days ahead.
It says because his mouth will become louder.
It's how I deliver it, though; it's how you deliver what I'm saying.
It's concerning this.
Do you remember all the movies with Hitler, like Saving Private Ryan, with that background?
That's what would try to engulf Europe, with North Korea allied with Russia, Turkey rising up with Russia, and China trying to take Taiwan.
Father, forgive me, Lord.
Don't try to figure it out, just flow.
I sit and process everything I'm seeing, and He wants me to flow.
I have to remember it all and give it to Braden later.
The Lord says, 'You're out of time.
You must deliver.
' I try to camp around the visions and look into them to see if I see more peace.
The Lord said, 'Stop that.
' He said, 'Just flow.
' I let you all in a lot, and I tell you what I'm hearing and what I see.
I don't know if anybody else would do that, but I let you in, even when I'm getting corrected.
I want the Lord to become so real to you.
He wants a relationship with every single one of you.
Yes, Lord.
When it comes to this, I hear this: when you start to see them move down to the South China Sea, they'll start to circle.
In the days prior, this will be a sign for the ones in that land.
They'll start to hear military chatter and see movement—a lot of buzzing around.
It'll be in the news.
I still pray, Father, 'Can we turn it?
' Lord, I'm always standing with the small guy.
Cause a military coup inside there, Lord.
People do not realize where we are.
They don't realize the times.
There's not enough urgency in My church.
He says, 'If you truly knew where we were on the scale of eternity, where you truly are...
do you really know where you are?
' If you knew where we were, you would have more urgency.
I am preparing the way for a great revival.
I'm preparing shakings to awaken nations, olive presses, cleaning up the Catholic Church.
He's going to clean up the Catholic Church with bleach water, like an acid wash on limestone to clean the stone when it's dirty.
I see walls that have great blackness, like from years of mold and dirt on what I would say is limestone.
I see this: when you whitewash the walls, you clean the walls.
The Lord says, "I'm going to clean the walls of the Catholic Church.
I'm going to clean the walls of false doctrines and things.
I'm going to bring down barriers and bring a great relationship to my church.
" Theology has separated me from having a great relationship with you, washing and taking down the walls of bad doctrine.
And I'm going to spring open the doors.
They're going to open wide the doors and the flood of people will come to me: a great revival, a Shekinah of glory on people who have been so bound by religion and tradition.
He says, "Tradition and religion, this is how you've done it.
This is the way you've always done it.
" He is opening it wide and he's going to clean it.
I see a man with a brush, a Holy Ghost brush, scrubbing down the walls.
And as he moves down, the walls are so clean, like you took a power washer and just cleaned it.
The walls are clean.
It's a new way of thinking.
And he said, "You have not yet even seen the things that we'll find under the ground in the catacombs.
These burial sites, these things that are about to be uncovered—great mysteries will no longer be a mystery.
" He said, "Great mysteries will no longer be mysteries; what was hidden will be revealed.
" And this is to draw all men unto me: a sign.
There will be great signs, relics, very symbolic relics.
Does that make sense?
A relic from biblical times.
If I use the wrong word, it's because of ignorance on my part, but it's like an artifact.
I see it so clearly.
I'm telling you: a great revival.
As the rivers dry up, on the bed of the rivers, tombs in the Nile.
I see these reptilian people again.
They're on the walls.
There are drawings on the walls, like hieroglyphics of these lizard people.
This goes clear back to the days of Noah—stuff that will come up and you'll find it.
As in the days of Noah, so will it be.
You're going to see things that will come up out of the dirt that will validate Noah's flood, even more than what Rick Renner is talking about with having the boat and seeing Noah's Ark.
Something is about to break through that's going to shake the nations.
Scientific discoveries, like archaeological discoveries, will come through earthquakes.
They'll be uncovered through earthquakes.
And there are things at the ocean's edge, where the ocean and the land meet at the Dead Sea.
You see things at the water's edge that are preserved by salt, not eaten away.
Preserved in the dirt, buried over time.
My throat is itching from all the tree pollen.
I yield to the anointing of the prophetic; I yield to the anointing of the watchman.
So abide, come up higher for these shakings to awaken.
Amidst wars and rumors of wars, you must come up higher.
He says to come up higher, come up to the throne, and fellowship with him.
He says, "Fellowship with me.
" I say, "Fellowship with him.
" Coming up higher in fellowship with him.
Father, I thank you.
You know, as we see all these things, if we go vertical and keep our eyes on him, it won't shake us.
It is when we are looking horizontal, looking all around and seeing it all—I'm telling you, from all the things I'm seeing tonight, it makes your flesh go, "Uh oh.
" But if we keep our eyes on Jesus, he will be with us.
Across the continent of Africa, I see civil unrest and military conflicts in certain central parts.
Up where Egypt is, I see military conflicts.
But as I go across Africa, I see a wind of the spirit.
I hear the voices singing.
I'll say it again: I see people moving a lot, positioning themselves and relocating.
I pray over President Trump, Father, that you keep him safe.
I pray over his sons and his daughters—over Don Jr.
, Eric, Barron, Tiffany, and Ivanka.
I pray over his children, Father, that they are covered, and his grandchildren, Kai and the others.
I cover them in the blood, Father, that no distractions would come upon him, that he would remain strong and his feet would be planted.
Father, we thank you that the church uplifts him and he finishes the task at hand.
He finishes what you've told him to do.
I truly believe that he's here in you right now, liberating a people that have been so bound under bondage.
For the church in Iran to rise up and have a great revival.
I'm in New York right now, looking at a big building.
He keeps putting this big building before me and I'm praying over it.
It has an all-glass front—no stone.
Amen.
He is telling me he's breaking down racial walls.
He said, "I'm breaking down walls so there will be one body, with no racial color of skin.
" He's breaking down those walls from within.
Whether you're black, white, Mexican, or a darker color, he's bringing us all together as one.
He said, "I'm bringing down racial walls and tension in my church.
" No more "this is a black church" or "this is a white church.
" It's his church.
He's breaking down the walls Satan used to divide the church through religious barriers—Catholic, Baptist, Methodist.
He's breaking down the walls of racial tensions and skin color.
You're a body; you're a family.
He's breaking down the walls of segregation.
And he said, "You do it in the spirit before you see it in the natural, son.
" He said, "It is every tribe and every tongue for this great revival that is about to be.
" It has begun.
You see this stirring up and bringing down.
You can't have revival when you're focused on differences in skin or thought.
Breaking down religious strongholds—he's done with it.
The Holy Ghost is going to take control over every tribe, every tongue, every color, every race, and every creed.
It's not going to be held back by racial tension and ethnic issues; it's going to be a Holy Ghost flow.
You must deal with this in the spirit.
The more you pray over this intermingling in marriages where people get upset because a black man married a white woman and all this.
It's done.
He said, 'I'm bringing all that trash down.
' Wow is a family.
It's trash.
It's the devil.
He divides.
And the Lord said, 'I'm bringing it down, son.
That's what I'm praying into.
' And he said, 'I'm going through New York.
I'm going through these cities.
' And he said, 'Go through the cities.
Go through these places and call revival.
' And that's why I'm going through these cities, and I'm feeling it.
I don't have time to describe and explain to you what I'm doing.
You just flow.
But he said, 'Stop and pause and tell them I'm bringing down the walls.
I want a revival.
' He wants a harvest of souls, but you can't do it with everybody pinned up against everybody.
And he wants to deal with racial hurts, offense—like I told you, the bait of Satan—where you're offended because of the way you were treated in the past and generational things.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to heal old wounds that have been passed from generation to generation, and we're going to fix this, and we're going to march on as the body.
' What is coming is a storm and it's all hands on deck.
No matter what you look like, if you have a big nose ring and tattoos or whatever, if you're a born-again Christian with the blood of Jesus, we're going to just save everybody.
We don't care what you look like.
Purple hair, pink hair with stripes.
It's time to be friends.
It's time to shake out.
It's His flow!
And that's what he's talking about when I'm praying.
So, if you want to know what I'm doing, that's what I hear by the spirit of God.
And he said, 'I'm going into Africa and I'm going into Asia and I'm going into South America and I'm going into America and in Europe, and we're going to go through, and I'm telling you, it's going to be a flow.
' And if you want to stay there and you want to keep camping there, you're going to miss out on the greatest move of God that you could have ever seen before.
It's your choice.
You can live there or not.
We can either come up higher with him and have church—Holy Ghost church—but it's going to take you and me praying into this whenever we're led to.
All 9,100 of you praying into this, bringing down these walls, because it will happen in the spirit before it happens in the natural.
And we're taking authority and we're binding this up and we're going to get rid of it and we're going to flow, ladies and gentlemen, with the greatest move of God this world has ever seen before.
But these are pieces, and when you're putting the puzzle together, if you want a whole picture, you have to take care of the whole thing.
You can't leave it out and go, 'Well, you know, we really don't want to deal with that over there.
' Well, it's not a whole picture.
The puzzle's not put together right.
And that's what the Lord said.
It's building blocks.
You're getting there.
And how do you build it?
One brick at a time.
And that's what I'm hearing by the spirit of God tonight.
And as I'm seeing war across the nations—war—I see revival because it went from war to strategic things of great war to great revival all across Africa, across the nations.
And I saw racial things coming down.
Things coming up out of the earth that were hidden and preserved for such a time as this to show that God is God to the unbelieving unbeliever that needs to be a believer.
Sometimes, you know what?
God's coming after the 99 to go after the one.
And sometimes they just need a sign.
And God's into signs.
He gave signs to Moses.
He threw the stick down and it became a snake.
He put his hand in his bosom, pulled it out and it was leprosy.
Put it back in, it was healed.
Moses needed a sign.
And there's a lot of you that may need a sign, and God's into signs.
Do you understand?
And we're about to see some signs.
It won't just be so much of this, 'Well, we heard about rumors of wars and stuff like that.
' You're about to see some signs, some things that you're not going to be able to explain with your natural mind.
You won't be able to wrap your mind around it.
Shock and awe.
Get ready for the God of the signs.
Hallelujah.
Signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
I felt the Holy Ghost all over that.
When he flows, I feel him.
So fire flows through me.
It gives me fire shut up in my bones.
The God of the signs.
Oh, hallelujah, church.
Seeking Him.
It's about Father, we thank you.
Any of us could have been born at another time, but you've called us and you've let us be born for such a time as this.
There's not one of us that is a mistake.
Well, you were an accident.
Your mom and daddy didn't mean to have you.
There was an accident one night.
There's not one of you that is an accident.
God doesn't make accidents.
God doesn't have mistakes.
You were called and you have been chosen for such a time as this.
There's so many of you that you're just right on the edge of having a major relationship with the Father, but you hold yourself back because you have doubt and unbelief.
But if you just let those walls down and just run to him, run to him.
He needs more of you.
I say it to my friend Bill.
He tells me all the time, 'Brandon, God needs more of you.
' He needs more.
He wants more of us.
We have to yield ourselves over to him.
Oh, Father, I yield.
We have all of him.
He's standing there.
He wants a relationship with us, but he's waiting on us to give it to him.
I just want you to really search yourself right now.
Do you know him?
Are you in a relationship with him?
Keep searching your heart.
Go over it in these last days and say, 'I know I'm not a mistake.
I don't care what they tease about.
' I hear them.
You've heard this so much that you think, 'Well, I really was illegitimate.
Mom and dad didn't want me.
' Whoever this was.
'I was an accident from one night.
' It's a lie.
Do you understand?
You have been called and you have been chosen for such a time as this.
There are no mistakes.
God has had his hand on you from the day you were conceived.
Do you understand?
And he loves you.
And he knows every hair on your head.
He knows your future better than you know your past.
He's waiting on you right now.
Will you surrender all to him?
Will you say, 'I'm all in tonight.
I just want to be with Jesus.
' If you're here tonight and you don't know him and you want to, I want to say a simple prayer, but I need you to put it in the comment section right now: 'I want to be saved.
I want to come to Jesus.
I want to have a relationship with him.
' And if this is talking to you right now and you feel that tugging on your heart, the Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he's calling him.
He's calling you.
Will you answer right now?
He's calling you right now.
He's saying, 'I have your number.
I have a plan for your life.
And no matter how much you think you've messed it up, you're not big enough to mess it up.
I can turn it around on a dime if you just allow me in.
' He's standing at the door right now knocking on your heart.
This may be your last opportunity.
You could be watching this and this could be your last moment on the earth.
Where will you spend eternity?
You have a heaven to gain and a hell to shun, as we've heard it a bunch of times.
I just want to say a simple prayer and I want to pray for you.
And if you're on the other side of this lens right now on this camera and you're saying, 'Brandon, you're speaking to me, will you pray for me?
Will you pray for me, Brandon?
I don't want to be backslidden anymore.
I see all these things around me and I am so freaked out tonight.
' We're seeing the Bible come alive right in front of our face with the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's all around us.
I'm telling you we're running out of time.
I've said it a thousand—it feels like a thousand times because I'm trying to tell you what He's telling me to tell you.
You must be born again.
You must confess Jesus Christ to be your Lord.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer real quick, and I want you to say: 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
I want to make You the Lord of my life.
I ask You to forgive me of my sins.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on sin.
And from this day forward, I'm sold out to You, Jesus.
I ask You to be my Lord and Savior.
Forgive me of my sins.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
From this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to You.
I'll serve You.
I worship You.
I give You praise.
And I thank You, Lord, that as of this day forward, if I were to die, I'd be with You in Paradise.
Thank You, Lord, that all my past is forgiven.
And behold, You've made all things new.
I give You all the glory, honor, and praise, Lord, for giving me a new chance.
I'm a new creation created in Christ Jesus.
Amen and amen.
' I believe you just said that.
Whoever you are, however many of you there are—I don't know—I believe today's a brand new day for you, a fresh, clean start selling out to the Lord.
I believe you just made the best decision you could ever make.
We are at the last of the last seconds here.
And now you say, 'Brandon, what do I do?
' I would go to a Bible-believing church.
I would go to a non-denominational church and tell the pastor, 'I just got born again online.
I want to be water-baptized.
' Get water-baptized.
Go to Bible study.
Go to Wednesday night church, Sunday night church, Sunday morning—whatever they have.
When the doors are open, you should be there.
Get there, get plugged in, find some friends.
If you have some old friends and you tell them, 'Hey, I want you to come to church with me,' and they say, 'Hey, I don't want to,' say, 'Hey, maybe it's time for me to find some new friends right now.
' Don't go hanging out with the old and try to stay sharp because they'll pull you back down into it.
Find new friends if you need to.
Invite them to come to church with you because they're going to see you've changed.
There's going to be some difference going on in you.
Tell them, 'Come on with me.
Come with me to church.
' If they say, 'Hey, I'm not into that right now,' pray for them, but go ahead and keep going.
Don't go hanging out with them thinking you're going to bring them out of it.
You need to get strong first.
Polish yourself up.
Get in the Word.
If you don't have a Bible, my wife and I will get you your first Bible for free.
We want to buy you a Bible, but you have to email us at the address in the description down below and tell us your name and address, and put 'I just got born again' in the headline.
We'll give you your Bible; we'll mail it to you.
It'll be a New King James Version, King James, or sometimes we find an Amplified version—whatever you're wanting.
But we just want to celebrate your decision tonight.
We want to love on you.
Thank you for being here.
I want you to subscribe, click the notification bell, and come in here and pray with us every single time.
We will keep praying into what the Lord has for us every time we do these videos.
I really truly believe that God has chosen us for such a time as this to raise up a million-man and woman prayer army, and I appreciate you joining us and I pray that you are a part of that prayer army.
Sixty-three people tonight so far have given their hearts to Jesus Christ.
Now we'll translate this through the other seven channels that we have, and I believe there'll be many more coming to the Kingdom of God over this video.
It's been amazing what the Lord has done just in the last couple of weeks through our Spanish channel.
We have a South Korean channel, a Chinese channel, a Portuguese channel, a German channel, a Russian channel, and a French channel.
There are a lot of channels that Braden, my son, works on every day.
And so, we're so thankful that you're here tonight.
But if you're here and this is your first time being here, welcome.
We're excited you're here.
Thank you for coming.
This is our Sunday prayer.
We do this, and I'm so grateful for every single one of you that comes out and is a part of this prayer group.
If you could like, subscribe, and click the notification bell, it really helps us.
It really helps us to get in the algorithm.
We're growing by leaps and bounds, all to the glory of God.
I believe that He keeps making more people come.
It's been amazing.
Please go to X, our Instagram, our Facebook, and all the others; you can find us there, only in the description.
There's a lot of copycats out there that are trying to imitate us, but the only real account is the one in the description.
Our X account is growing, and it's amazing.
Braden said Anonymous, the hacker group, tagged one of our videos and put it over and was watching it.
I guess so.
I believe whoever Anonymous is is going to get radically born again if they're not.
Isn't that amazing if they get born again and filled with the Holy Ghost?
Anonymous gets born again.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
We're in that timeframe, folks.
People are hungry and they're searching.
They want to know what's coming.
And I believe the Lord will show us that which is to come if we keep pressing into Him.
So all 63 of you, welcome to the family.
Welcome to the family.
We're excited you're here.
Heaven is rejoicing and hell is saying, 'I just lost a good sinner tonight.
' Oh, I was waiting to see if that's what the Lord wanted tonight.
I haven't ended yet.
It's still early yet.
It's only an hour and 53 minutes.
But I wanted to make sure as I was praying into that and said that we gave an altar call, and I'm so glad we did.
Y'all having a good week?
Are you ready for our first week of March going into the first quarter?
It'll be over before we know it.
Can you believe that?
Father, we just thank You, Lord, for this week.
We thank You, Lord, for the blessing on our ministry and for the blessing on the people watching.
Father, for jobs and better jobs, raises, and bonuses, Father, we thank You, Lord, that everything they put their hands to will prosper.
We pray over their finances in the name of Jesus, that You double them, Father; that they'll have favor with their bosses, they'll have favor for promotions.
Father, I thank You, Lord, right now.
We lay hold to the blessing and the favor of God.
Whatever we put our hands to will prosper in the mighty name of Jesus.
We take authority over poverty, lack, not enough, and barely getting by.
We tell you to get under our feet in the name of Jesus.
And I thank You, Lord, that we're the head and not the tail.
We're above and not beneath.
And we call all that we put our hands to be exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think—Father, not just to hoard it upon ourselves, but to give to the Kingdom of God to promote the Gospel throughout the whole world.
And then the end shall come.
And we believe it, Father, that You will bless our finances in the name of Jesus.
You will bless what we put our hands to in the name of Jesus.
We call ourselves healed.
We call ourselves whole.
We call our marriages blessed.
And the single people that are here tonight, we call them blessed.
We call them prosperous.
The single moms that are having a hard time providing for their kids, Father, I thank You, Lord, that they're blessed in their jobs.
They're blessed in what they do, God; give them creative ideas, Father, that when they go in to do something, God, they'll have a supernatural dream for a supernatural idea.
We're Your kids, and You can give us a godly dream and a godly idea.
You can show us things to come; the devil's crowd shouldn't have it.
How much more will God do through you?
That's what I started standing on.
When I heard that and Diana read that to me one day, I said, 'You're kidding me.
' It was a dream.
The wealth of the sinners is laid up for the righteous.
I started thinking about that, and it really ticked me off because I said, 'How much more will You do for us, Lord?
How much more?
I'm a child of the King.
' So, I pray for your marriages.
I pray for your health.
I pray for everything that you have in your body.
If it's not of God and you're overcoming something—diabetes is not of the Lord, heart disease isn't of the Lord, high cholesterol isn't of the Lord, high blood pressure isn't of the Lord.
And the Bible says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
In Deuteronomy 28, it says, 'Sicknesses of long continuance.
' Deuteronomy 28, something I remember: sicknesses of long continuance.
He's redeemed us from sicknesses of long continuance.
Do you have that?
It's Deuteronomy 28.
I don't know why it keeps the Message, but it's all right; it defaults to it.
Can you change the version?
I don't like the Message translation.
It was right there, son, just right underneath it.
Deuteronomy 28:59: 'The Lord will make the plagues wonderful, even the plagues of thy seed, great plagues of long continuance, and sores and sicknesses of long continuance.
' That's part of the curse.
So if it's a sickness of long continuance, Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law according to Galatians 3.
And the curse—that's the curse: sicknesses of long continuance.
Find a better one than that; I got this one right here.
Did I say 59?
Yeah.
'Then the Lord will bring upon you and your descendants extraordinary strokes and blows, great plagues of long continuance and grievous sicknesses of long duration.
' So if you're living under a plague, a continuance of grievous sicknesses of long duration—meaning it lasts for a long time—we're redeemed from that.
Do you understand?
According to Galatians 3, Christ has redeemed you of sicknesses of long duration, great plagues of long continuance.
We're redeemed from sicknesses of long continuance and sicknesses of long duration.
So, long COVID, you're under my feet.
long COVID, you get under my feet in the name of Jesus!
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law according to Galatians 3 and sicknesses and diseases of long duration.
I'm redeemed from you, long COVID; you have to bow your knee according to Deuteronomy 28:59.
I know because of Galatians 3.
Christ has redeemed me from the curse of the law, and I'm not going to be underneath sicknesses of long duration.
And long COVID represents sicknesses of long duration.
So if you're battling COVID year after year of a symptom, and you hear people say, 'I'm still overcoming COVID after a long time; I've had it since 2021.
' Well, this is 2026.
That would represent a duration of long continuance, long durations, grievous sicknesses, strokes, and blows.
For people who have strokes, or people who have stuff going on in their face and it's drooping down, like palsy—that's long duration.
You're redeemed from it.
Do you see where I'm going with that?
Find scripture that pertains to what you're believing God for.
This popped out to me today because the Lord said, 'I had Deuteronomy 28 playing on my phone, and I paused it when I got to that verse,' and He said, 'long duration.
' Do you get that?
Sicknesses of long duration, great plagues of long continuance.
I said, 'Well, Lord, tell my people this is scripture they can stand on.
You've got COVID for a long time?
You've got symptoms that have never left you?
Christ has redeemed you from that.
' Did I help somebody?
I thought that was pretty good.
I got blessed by it.
It says great plagues of long continuance and sores and sicknesses of long continuance.
It means it's happened a long time, and He's redeemed us from it according to Galatians 3.
So if you like it, latch onto it.
It's something for you to stand on.
Father, I thank You for creative ideas to get wealth.
Thank You, Lord, that as we start out March, when we get to the 31st, we're going to have a supernatural breakthrough.
I contend and lay hold to what we've been believing for.
What we believe for the third month of 2026, we will have it in full before the end of the first quarter.
Remember, He said, 'Believe Me for the first quarter for the whole year's budget.
' For everything you're believing for, this is it—to have the abundant supply for the rest of the year, for debt to be paid off, to live in the overflow.
Latch onto it and believe God for bigger.
We're in the first quarter, and it's almost over.
March 1st, we're believing for an expiration date for what we've been believing for.
Today is the day of a turnaround.
Thank You, Lord.
By the 31st of this month, we call for exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask or think.
Your boss is going to call you and say, 'Hey, I want to give you a raise.
' Maybe if you're in the United States and you file your taxes, you'll get a return; you won't owe.
Let's believe God for abundance.
'Well, I always owe, brother.
I have to write a check to the IRS every year.
' Not this year!
This year, you're going to believe God for increase, for a return.
Why not believe God for favor?
There might be some kind of new law or something.
I always believe for something positive.
Either way, you're believing for something—the good or the bad—so I'm leaning for good.
Whatever things you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them.
What are you saying out of your mouth?
'I'm debt-free.
I have more than enough.
My storehouse is in overflow.
' Well, if you keep saying you're barely getting by, you're going to keep living it.
I'm going to say what I'm believing for.
March is here and I'm excited.
I told Diana, 'Let's get excited.
What are we believing for?
' We left February—it wasn't the best month—but I said, 'Shake it off.
Let's go.
March is here.
' We talked about it this morning during prayer and communion.
It's time to believe God.
We got COVID in February, and she got real sick.
She couldn't smell or taste for over a week and a half, but she's feeling so good today.
Thank You, Lord.
I'm going to read the blessings, and then you can go if you want to.
But I feel sometimes you all need hope.
Take this into your week and meditate on something bigger than yourself.
If you can do it on your own, it's not big enough.
You're not thinking big enough.
You've got to get God out of your box and stop trying to make him into—well, it has to be about my 8 to 5 Monday through Friday for him to find.
If you can do it and achieve it, you're not believing big enough.
It has to be outside of your realm.
How?
It's not going to happen by me; it's going to have to happen from a supernatural God with signs.
He said, 'I want to show you signs.
' This is it.
Think big.
This is big.
Okay.
Blessed shall be the basket and your kneading trough.
Blessed shall you be when you come in, and blessed shall you be when you go out.
The Lord shall cause your enemies who rise up against you to be defeated before your face.
They shall come out against you one way and flee before you seven ways.
The Lord shall command the blessing upon you and your storehouse and in all that you undertake, and he will bless you in the land which the Lord your God gives you.
The Lord will establish you as a people holy to himself, as he has sworn to you, if you keep the commandments of the Lord your God and walk in his ways, and all the people of the earth will see that you are called by the name and in the presence of the Lord.
I love that.
I just love that you're called in the name and in the presence.
As Billy said last night when I was on the phone with him, he said, 'There's so many you can walk up to and shake their hand and there's no presence that are big names.
' He never mentions names, but he said, 'But I can go to a little old lady in the back that has a relationship with Jesus, and the moment I shake her hand, I feel the presence.
' When he said that, I thought, the little old lady in the back has more presence than some big preachers that pretend they do.
Why?
Maybe she got a hold of Deuteronomy.
And the people of the earth shall see that you are called by the name and in the presence of the Lord, and they shall be afraid of you.
And the Lord shall make you have a surplus of prosperity through the fruit of your body.
Now, I don't know what surplus means to you, but a surplus to me is more than just having my bills paid for March.
Well, I'm excited about it, and I give God praise for the electric, gas, water, phone, your internet, your car payment, and your car insurance, and you're so grateful for it.
But that's not surplus.
So he said right here, 'And the Lord shall make you have a surplus.
' So I'm not going to miss out on that.
I'm going to believe for it.
Of prosperity through the fruit of your body.
That means my kids are blessed.
And of your livestock—which I don't do, like, that's YouTube and eBay and Poshmark.
And the fruit of your body and in the livestock and in the ground, in the land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
So I believe for inheritance.
So if I have to believe for inheritance, that means my family—mom and dad—have to be blessed.
Somebody has to be blessed because they can't leave you anything.
If they don't have anything to leave you, that is an inheritance.
So believe in God for others around you.
It's not just about yourself.
So you believe for people that are your extended family.
You say, 'Listen, I'm believing God for them to be blessed because if the Lord tarries, they're going to go home by the graveside.
' And guess what?
You don't want them to be leaving debt and being broke and busted and disgusted.
So they got to have a surplus.
It's generational, right?
I want if the Lord tarries and I go home by the graveside—which I don't believe he will, but if he did—I want my son to be blessed.
You don't want to go home and him go, 'Well, dad left me a lot of debt and all this stuff that he had, all these bills and all, look at what happened.
' No, no.
Dad left me a surplus.
Why?
Because it's abundance.
God's a God of abundance.
And so many people get ticked off about this, but I believe it.
I believe it.
Deuteronomy 28, that's Old Testament, but I still believe it.
I'm applying myself to it.
Why not believe God for it?
What's wrong with that?
You got stinking thinking.
Don't have stinking thinking.
Surplus.
The fruit of your body and the livestock and in your ground in a land which the Lord swore to your fathers to give you.
The Lord shall open to you his good treasures: the heavens to give the rain on your land in a season, and to bless all the work of your hand.
And you shall lend unto many nations, and you shall not borrow.
And the Lord shall make you the head and not the tail, and you shall be above only, and you shall not be beneath.
If you heed the commandments of the Lord your God, which I am commanding you this day, and are watchful to do them.
I'm going to follow him.
Love the Lord my God with all my heart, mind, soul, and strength, and love your neighbor as yourself.
Did you give him that?
Look at him.
That's Putin in the count.
That's creepy bee.
That's what he looked like.
So, I'm just trying to encourage you to believe God for your March.
Go into this month expecting God to show up and show off in your life.
You're believing for a baby?
This is your month to conceive a baby.
You're believing for a spouse?
This is your month to find your spouse.
What if you say, 'Well, I'm going to find the man of my dreams this month,' or the woman of my dreams.
You go, 'Hey, I'm going to find my diamond in the rough.
This is my month.
' Why not believe?
I'm not going to be alone any month.
I'm going to find somebody.
God's going to bring me a spouse.
You may not get married this month, but at least you find them.
Don't freak her out and say, 'I'm going to propose to you.
I found you.
Here she is.
Let's propose.
' You'll freak her out.
She'd run the other way.
This guy's too aggressive.
'I've been waiting for you.
' The woman's going, 'I've already got my wedding dress picked out, sir.
Don't worry.
I'm waiting at the altar.
' And he's like, 'I just met you yesterday, lady.
' Don't be that way.
You'll freak him out.
She isn't going like this, 'Oh, I'm ready.
I got the cake picked out and the kids' names.
' You're going to scare him.
Don't do that.
He'll run.
Even if you're believing for him, that could be your perfect spouse and God brought him.
You scare him off.
Go low, go slow.
Nice to meet you first.
Let's have a cup of coffee.
Don't talk wedding plans on the first date, ladies.
I try to cut up with you a little bit, but I'm going to tell y'all: believe God for big things for the month of March.
Reach out and if you can achieve it, you're not believing big enough.
It's going to take a supernatural God to bring supernatural things to you.
Don't just believe for the status quo.
Believe exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think for the month of March.
And remember, the seed you sowed in the past will come to harvest at last.
The Lord said to believe for 30, 60, and 100-fold over what you've been sowing.
What you gave to the church, wherever you're attending, believe for those seeds to come back.
Don't allow the devil to be robbing you of your fruit.
Stand.
But you got to contend for it using the word of God, putting it in your heart and keeping him the main thing.
Seek ye first the kingdom and all these things will be added unto you.
Seek them.
Use the word.
So, I hope that blessed you because I was thinking about March 1st today.
What are we believing for?
What are Diana and I believing for, stretching your capacity and your ability to believe Him for more?
Some ministries say, "Well, I'm believing for this and that.
" No, no.
It's time to believe God for bigger.
Why?
Because we're running out of time.
The wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
What's that?
I don't know.
Israel has reportedly used their powered laser weapon, the Iron Beam, for the first time ever tonight and intercepted rockets and UAVs.
No way.
Do you show it?
Yeah.
Show that they're using laser weapons.
Star Wars.
I told you Israel—the Lord wouldn't allow me to say—remember the night a couple, what was it, three or four nights ago?
I went in the spirit about Israel's weapons and I saw some things that I told Braden.
I said I saw some things that would make the hair stand up on your arms, and I'm wondering if they'll use them.
Well, there's one.
Let's see how effective it is.
Pretty wild, ain't it?
Laser weapons.
Star Trek.
Wow, man.
That's amazing.
Is it zapping them in the sky, son?
Is that what it looks like?
Yeah.
Wow.
That's crazy.
Did we cover everything good?
I want to make sure because you're my second here.
You felt it.
Yeah, we pushed that.
I felt it, too.
I was making sure we pushed everything back.
We prayed and we'll pray again tomorrow.
Just keep praying over this.
This is serious.
But I feel like I touched all the bases of what the Holy Spirit said to do.
So, I'm just being real with y'all.
You know, you walk away and say, "Okay, well, thank you for joining us.
" Oh, yeah.
I saw that man being taken out, but he was leading.
He was talking to a crowd.
So, crazy.
I saw a lot tonight, didn't I?
Yeah, I saw Turkey.
I saw the Strait there.
Whatever that is.
What is that?
Not the Strait of Hormuz.
No, no, no.
I tried to—Turkey is—is that the only waterway that leads to the Black Sea?
Yeah, I think so.
We usually study this stuff on our own, you know, afterwards, but it's after the Lord tells us what's happening.
The Black Sea.
And there looks like several passages there.
Three different passages.
Yeah, it's called the Istanbul Canal.
So, we love y'all.
Thank you for joining us tonight and I'm so excited for all the salvations that we had.
63 people gave their heart to Jesus Christ and we love you.
I know it's a long—I've been here two and a half hours, so we've prayed quite a while tonight.
I appreciate all of you.
Is that really 9,000 still here?
No.
Oh, I was going to say, wow, that's incredible.
If they're still here after that, 7,000.
So, 2,000 people left.
Well, we love you.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Thank you for joining us.
And we'll go over things we saw again today and tomorrow, and I'll tell you more of what I saw and bring it more to light.
We appreciate you being here.
God bless y'all.
Love you.
Bye-bye.